Add server targets example links to AWSGameLift gem setup (#2323)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/gems/reference/aws/aws-gamelift/gem-setup.md

You must include the AWS GameLift Gem static library in your project's CMake build target.

> 1. **(Required)** You must include **Gem::AWSGameLift.Server.Static** as one of the **BUILD_DEPENDENCIES** for your project's server target. For an example of a networked project configured with distinct server and client targets, see the [O3DE Multiplayer project template](https://github.com/o3de/o3de-extras/tree/development/Templates/Multiplayer) or the [O3DE Multiplayer Sample project](https://github.com/o3de/o3de-multiplayersample).

Reviewer: For added convenience, you could link directly to the `CMakeLists.txt` files that have the examples you describe:
```suggestion
1. **(Required)** You must include **Gem::AWSGameLift.Server.Static** as one of the **BUILD_DEPENDENCIES** for your project's server target. For an example of a networked project configured with distinct server and client targets, see the [O3DE Multiplayer project template](https://github.com/o3de/o3de-extras/blob/development/Templates/Multiplayer/Template/Gem/Code/CMakeLists.txt) or the [O3DE Multiplayer Sample project](https://github.com/o3de/o3de-multiplayersample/blob/development/Gem/Code/CMakeLists.txt).
```
